Welcome back.
In this video we're going to be talking about a new kind of object that as 2015 gives us and that gives
a set a set is a data structure in which all of the values are unique.
We can also place any value we'd like in a set and just like maps they are created using the new keyword
sets exist in quite a few other languages.
And I've now finally made their way to javascript.
But when might you want to use a set very commonly in programming.
You want to ignore duplicate values when you don't need to identify values with keys or care about the
ordering of values.
Sets are great.
Let's see how to create a set and add values to it.
We're going to create a set using the set constructor and add some values to our set.
We can see them on the add duplicate values our set does not change.
And just like maps sets have a property called size which lists the number of elements in the set to
see if a set contains a value.
We can use the HAs method to remove.
We can use the delete method.
Best of all sets implement a simple iterator so we can easily print all the values in a set using a
for loop similar to maps.
There also exists a data structure called a weak set which is more performant than a regular set but
all of the values have to be objects just like weak maps.
We can not get a rate over a weak set.
Now that you've seen maps and sets it's time to practice using these new data structures.
Good luck.